Al-Fares, Mohammad, Alexander Loukissas, and Amin Vahdat. "A scalable, commodity data center network architecture." ACM SIGCOMM Computer Communication Review. Vol. 38. No. 4. ACM, 2008.




Topic: You will be assigned two primary papers and one supplemental paper to summarize for the class. You will post these summaries to the class moodle.
Contents: The long summary has several parts:
(a) (0pts) Just write “HW1 Qn Summary, primary paper [Author00a]”, where n is the question. (so we know exactly what question your post corresponds to without guessing). (For exernal papers you will make up a key.)
(b) (2pts) What is the complete reference for your paper? (A complete reference should be like those in the syllbus—this should include full conference name, page numbers, and a DOI if there is one. For class papers, you can cut-and-paste from the syllabus and so you should score 2 free points. For external papers, later, you will have to provide the reference.)
(c) (1pt) What is a complete URL for your paper that can be used from USC? (Again, for class papers you can point to the class moodle. For external papers you need to provide a link.)
(d) (4pts) what are the key ideas or claims of the paper (state the idea and explain it briefly in 1-2 sentences)?
(e) (3pts) what is novel about the paper (state the idea and why it is novel, 1 sentence; note that this may be different than your answer to (d), and the “why” is not part of (d))? (f) (2pts) what methodology (or methodologies) does the paper use (1-2 sentences)? (We discussed classes of papers in the context of [Levin83a] in class.) For full credit, make sure you identify a specific methodology from class 1 (idea, simulation, experiment, analysis,
1
or you may add a new class of papers if you think none of those apply), plus a sentence of justification as to why this paper uses that methodology.
(g) (3pts) what is the best way the paper could be improved (1-3 sentences)? (Improve- ments here the same as improvements in a short summary.)
(h) and (i) (1pt each) What are two, different questions that draw an “interesting” observation? What is “interesting” is up to you. The only requirement is that your response must be novel (it cannot be a point that someone else already made, which means that you must read the responses that were posted before you, and it cannot already be answered or posed in the apper), and your answers to (h) and (i) must be different. Completely generic answers will not get full credit; your answer should be specific to the paper and thoughtful. (For example, “how does this paper relate to others in class?” is a generic response, but but “how does it relate to the non-TCP congestion control papers?” is specific) Often good questions do not have a single right answer and will provoke discussion, encourage deeper thought, or extend our understanding of the paper.
(j) (3pts) What is one original, “interesting” observation about the paper than answers the question you posed in part (h)? (Here you answer the first of the two questions you pose. Of course, other students may have a different answer if your question is general.)
(k) (1pt) do you consider this paper important or not, and why (1-2 sentences)?
(l) (2pts) what other class paper does the paper you chose most closely relate to and
why (1-2 sentences)? You can identify the other paper just by key, or by key and title.
In addition, to get experience framing the paper in NABC format (as discussed in the second week of class): (m) (1pt) What is the need of the paper (in 1 sentence)? (n) (1pt) What is the approach of the paper (in 1 sentence)? (o) (1pt) What are the benefits that come out of the work in the paper (in 1 sentence; should be different from (h))? (p) (1pt) What are the competition or challenges of the paper (in 1 sentence)?
When you answer these questions, label your answers (a) through (p). Your answers should be in your own words—given that you’re summarizing the whole paper in a few sentences, it is very unlikely quoting from the paper will answer the question well. However, if you do quote from the paper, as always in any academic paper, you must indicate what text you take by placing it in quotes and indicating where it is from.